Vulnerabilities are found continuously, packages are being updated continuously.
It is most important that you keep the packages up to date.
You need to log into your server, run three commands, and then you can log out of your server.
I don't like any form of automatic updates.
If something goes wrong, I want to be there.
I want to see what has gone wrong and if needs be, fix the problem.
He takes a few minutes of your time to log in and ensure your server is kept updated.
There are three commands that you need to run.
The first command downloads a new package list.
The second command updates the packages based on the package list that you downloaded.
The last command will remove any unneeded packages from the server.
I'm going to type the clear command.
Updating a server is an administrative task.
You need to use Sudo after Sudo, Apte, ect.
That is our advanced package manager.
The first command is Suda update SUDA update will download the latest package list to your server.
You will need to provide the password for your user.
This is the first time I'm running the update and upgrade command, 36 packages can be upgraded.
The next command will perform the actual upgrade sudo act.
What do we want to do?
We want to upgrade.
So Sudo EPT update downloads the new package.
This upgrade will perform the actual upgrade of those packages.
The following new packages will be installed.
There is a list of packages, the following packages will be upgraded, followed by the list of packages
needed to get 181 megabytes of archives.
After this operation, an additional three hundred and sixty megabytes of disk space will be used.
This is the first time we are running the update upgrade command.
There will be a lot of packages to download if you do it on a daily basis.
This should not be many.
Do you want to continue?
Yes.
And the upgrade command has completed now we need to remove any unneeded packages, the command is Sudo
ept and we want to orta remove the following packages will be removed after this operation.
Three hundred and fifty nine megabytes of disk space will be freed.
Do you want to continue?
Yes.
I'm going to type clear.
Those are the three commands that you use to update your server, the first command sudo update that
command will update the list of available packages and their versions.
He does not install or upgrade any packages.
I want to point out that the update command is not only used when updating packages, you use the update
command prior to installing new packages on your server to ensure you download the latest package versions.
The SUDA upgrade command installs the newer versions of the packages you have installed on your server.
It's most important that you run the update command before the upgrade command so the package manager
knows about available updates for the packages you have installed on your server.
Finally, we have to do at auto remove, which is used to remove unneeded packages that are sometimes
left behind.
After you remove or purge packages from the server, further package manager usage will be covered in
the next section when we start installing various packages on our server.